"The things you own end up owning you." - Tyler
"We are consumers. We're the by products of a lifestyle obsession." - Tyler
"If you aren't on your way to becoming a vet in six weeks, you will be dead." - Tyler
"It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything." - Tyler
"I want you to hit me as hard as you can." - Tyler
"Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken." - Tyler
"Now, a question of etiquette, as I pass, do I give you the ass or the crotch?" - Tyler
"Where'd you go, psycho boy?" - Tyler
"You decide your own level of involvement!" - Tyler
"I found freedom. Losing all hope was freedom." - the Narrator
"Why didn't you include me, in the beginning?" - the Narrator
"I'm gonna go inside, and I'm gonna get a shovel." - the Narrator
"And then, Tyler was gone." - the Narrator
"I felt like destroying something beautiful." - the Narrator
"Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free." - Stephen King, Shawshank Redemption
"You don't have time to think up there. If you think, you're dead." - Maverick
"I think I'll go embarrass myself with Goose." - Maverick
"It's classified. I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you." - Maverick
"You have to do the best with what God gave you." - Mrs. Gump
"There's an awful lot you can tell about a person by their shoes." - Forrest Gump
"Mama always said, dying was a part of life. I sure wish it wasn't." - Forrest Gump
"Mama always had a way of explaining things so I could understand them." - Forrest Gump
"Stupid is as stupid does." - Forrest Gump
"What's normal anyways?" - Forrest Gump
"Hard work beats talent. Every time!" - Jordan Belfort
"Risk is what keeps us young." - Joanna Lumley
"There is no nobility in poverty." - Jordan Belfort
"Sell me this pen!" - Jordan Belfort
"I'm into, uh, well, murders and executions, mostly." - Patrick Bateman
"Duct tape. I need it for… taping something." - Patrick Bateman
"There's always a bigger fish." - Qui Gon Jinn
"In my experience there is no such thing as luck." - Obi Wan
"This is a new day, a new beginning." - Ahsoka Tano
"Fear is the path to the dark side." - Yoda
"Someday I will be the most powerful Jedi ever." - Anakin
"Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose." - Yoda
"Your focus determines your reality." - Qui Gon Jinn
"Always in motion is the future." - Yoda
"Let the past die. Kill it." - Kylo
"Never tell me the odds." - Han Solo
"Hate leads to suffering." - Yoda
"A Big Mac's a Big Mac, but they call it Le Big Mac." - Pulp Fiction
"Besides, isn't it more exciting when you don't have permission?" - Pulp Fiction
"What is significant is that I felt the touch of God. God got involved." - Pulp Fiction
"You read the Bible, Brett?" - Pulp Fiction
"It's the little differences." - Pulp Fiction
"Pride only hurts, it never helps." - Pulp Fiction
"We have unfinished business." - The Bride
"That woman deserves her revenge...and we deserve to die." - Budd
"Clark Kent is Superman's critique on the whole human race." - Bill
"Bitch you don't have a future." - The Bride
"I like the way you die, boy" - Django
"You better listen to your boss, white boy" - Django
"You Know Somethin', Utivich? I think this just might be my masterpiece." - Aldo Raine
"He moves his lips when he reads. What does that tell you?" - Melanie
"What the fuck happened to you, man? Shit, your ass used to be beautiful!" - Ordell Robbie
"Choice is an illusion created between those with power and those without." - Merovingian
"I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life." - Neo
"You played a very dangerous game." - The Architect
"Denial is the most predictable of all human responses." - The Architect
"Ever have that feeling where you're not sure if you're awake or dreaming?" - Neo
"Welcome to the desert of the real." - Morpheus
"Your mind makes it real." - Morpheus
"As long as the Matrix exists, the human race will never be free." - Morpheus
"I must get out of here. I must get free." - Smith
"If you're committed enough, you can make any story work." - Saul Goodman
"Congratulations, you've just left your family a second-hand Subaru." - Saul Goodman
"Darth Vader had responsibilities. He was responsible for the Death Star." - Badger
"I hide in plain sight, same as you." - Gustavo Fring
"Say my name." - Walter White
"We're done when I say we're done." - Walter White
"Fuck you and your eyebrows." - Walter White
"I Believe What Doesn't Kill You Simply Makes You, Stranger." - The Joker
"Why Do We Fall, Sir? So That We Can Learn To Pick Ourselves Up." - Alfred
"Madness, As You Know, Is A Lot Like Gravity. All It Takes Is A Little Push." - The Joker
"It's Not Who I Am Underneath, But What I Do That Defines Me." - Batman
"You Either Die A Hero Or Live Long Enough To See Yourself Become The Villain." - Two Face
"Some Men Just Want To Watch The World Burn." - Alfred
"Why So Serious?" - The Joker
"You Act Like Insanity Is Catching." - Shutter Island
"Which Would Be Worse: To Live As A Monster, Or To Die As A Good Man?" - Shutter Island
"You Mustn't Be Afraid To Dream A Little Bigger, Darling." - Eames
"They Say We Only Use A Fraction Of Our Brain's True Potential." - Dom Cobb
"I Feel Like I Should Help The People Who Helped Me." - Tony
"Why Should You Be Embarrassed About Being Honest And Saying Something Nice?" - Kath
"Another Day. Gotta Keep It Together. Face The World." - Tony
"We're All Screwed Up In One Way Or Another. It Sort Of Makes You Normal." - Tony
"Good People Do Things For Other People. That's It. The End." - Tony
"I'd Rather Be Nowhere With Her Than Somewhere Without Her." - Tony
"We're Not Just Here For Us, We're Here For Others." - Tony
"The world is going to end unless we have sex right now." - Mark Bellison
"We Live In A Twilight World and There Are No Friends At Dusk." - The Protagonist
"One Man's Probability Of Death...Is Another Man's Possibility For A Life." - Andrei Sator
"Mankind was born on Earth ... it was never meant to die here." - Cooper
"When your enemy's making mistakes, don't interrupt him." - Billy Beane
"Friends don't make their friends die." - Marty
"Peace is for queers, and now you're gonna die." - Charlie
"Art and peace and all that shit can wait" - Bill
"I'm Kind Of A Big Deal In This Industry." - Vilanelle
"I Have To Kill You Now." - Vilanelle
"You Should Never Tell A Psychopath They Are A Psychopath. It Upsets Them." - Vilanelle
"Sometimes When You Love Someone You Do Crazy Things." - Vilanelle
"You Should Really Ask Before You Touch A Person." - Vilanelle
"Perfection is the enemy of perfectly adequate." - Jimmy McGill
"Money is not beside the point... Money is the point." - Jimmy McGill
"Sometimes the good guys win." - Jimmy McGill
"I need to believe that something extraordinary is possible." - Alicia Nash
"Nothing's ever for sure, John. That's the only sure thing I do know." - Charles Herman
"Classes will dull your mind, destroy the potential for authentic creativity." - John Nash
"Think of it. A digital computer. Electrical brain." - Alan Turing
"Was I God? No. Because God didn't win the war. We did." - Alan Turing
"Even a broken clock is right twice a day." - Alan Turing
"Hardest time to lie to somebody is when they're expecting to be lied to." - Alan Turing
"I know it's not ordinary. But who ever loved ordinary?" - Joan Clarke
"You Shoot Me In A Dream, You Better Wake Up And Apologize." - Mr. White
"Torture You? That's A Good Idea. I Like That." - Mr. Blonde
"Like a midget at a urinal I was going to have to stay on my toes." - Leslie Nielsen
"Isn't that right, Mr... Poopy Pants?" - Leslie Nielsen
"One thing a person won't do when he's laughing is try to beat you up." - Leslie Nielsen
"Do your part to silence gossip, don't repeat it." - Leslie Nielsen
"Shirley! Don't call me Shirley!" - Leslie Nielsen
"Those who the gods seek to destroy first, learn how to play golf." - Leslie Nielsen
"You said you worked hard? Well, maybe you need to work a little longer." - Saitama
"I'm not a hero because I want your approval. I do it because I want to!" - Saitama
"I'll leave tomorrow's problems to tomorrow's me." - Saitama
"Overwhelming strength is boring." - Saitama
"Human beings are strong because we can change ourselves." - Saitama
"If the heroes run and hide, who will stay and fight?" - Saitama
"Stop me if you can. Until then, I'll stay this cocky." - Garou
"The only one who cares about ranks… is you dumbass." - Garou
"I only accept the strong." - Automic Samurai
"When You Die, I'll Be The One Writing Your Name In My Death Note." - Ryuk
"I'll Take A Potato Chip... And Eat It!" - Light
"Humans Are So... Interesting." - Ryuk
"In The End, There Is No Greater Motivation Than Revenge." - Mello
